[MINI-5811] delete file when failed download (#534)
rakutentech/android-miniapp: CHANGELOG.md

- **Feature:** Added `MiniAppMessageBridge.sendJsonToHostApp` interface to provide `Universal Bridge` for sending messages from a MiniApp to the HostApp.
- **Feature:** Added `NativeEventType.MINIAPP_RECEIVE_JSON_INFO` to provide `Universal Bridge` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.
- **Feature:** Added `sendJsonToMiniApp` in `MiniAppView` and `MiniAppViewImpl` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.

> - **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in Android 10.
> - **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in the offline mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in Offline mode and also support for Android 10.
mode.
```

- **Feature:** Added `NativeEventType.MINIAPP_RECEIVE_JSON_INFO` to provide `Universal Bridge` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.
- **Feature:** Added `sendJsonToMiniApp` in `MiniAppView` and `MiniAppViewImpl` for receiving messages from the HostApp to MiniApps.
- **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in Android 10.

> - **Fix:** Zero byte file deletion once there's an error during downloading a file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Fix:** Prevent file creation with zero byte while downloading a file using `MiniAppFileDownloader` in offline mode.
```

Author: let's go for whatever :D
